FINERACT-1006 Added spotless to auto format source code (#943)
apache/fineract: README.md

2. Run `./gradlew rat`. A report will be generated under build/reports/rat/rat-report.txt

Checkstyle and Spotless
============

> This project enforces its code conventions using [checkstyle.xml](fineract-provider/config/checkstyle/checkstyle.xml) through Checkstyle and [google-checks](config/google-checks-updated.xml) through Spotless. They are configured to run automatically during the normal Gradle build, and fail if there are any violations detected. You can run the following command to automatically fix spotless violations 

Reviewer: super minor "nit pick" (which you can also address in a follow-up PR), the doc is missing a semi-colon here:

```suggestion
This project enforces its code conventions using [checkstyle.xml](fineract-provider/config/checkstyle/checkstyle.xml) through Checkstyle and [google-checks](config/google-checks-updated.xml) through Spotless. They are configured to run automatically during the normal Gradle build, and fail if there are any violations detected. You can run the following command to automatically fix spotless violations:
```

    `./gradlew spotlessApply`

> Since some checks are present in both Checkstyle and Spoltess, the same command can help you fix some of the checkstyle violations, but other checkstyle violations need to fixed manually.

Reviewer: typo (Spoltess/Spotless) + minor style improvement suggestion

```suggestion
Since some checks are present in both Checkstyle and Spotless, the same command can help you fix some of the Checkstyle violations (but not all, other Checkstyle violations need to fixed manually).
```

> You can run the following command to check for Spotless violations

Reviewer: Perhaps useful to re-clarify & repeat here what I know you basically already wrote above, but just to make it extra clear:

```suggestion
You can also check for Spotless violations (only; but normally don't have to, because the regular build full already includes this anyway):
```
